README.md, before:

# NO LIVE DEPLOY YET

# Writing Tagger

Writing Tagger is a authorship tool allowing for robust links between small-ish chunks of text.

# TECHNOLOGY

Writing Tagger is built on Ruby on Rails 5. Source control and versioning is done at Github.

# WHERE

Github repo is at https://github.com/nbarnes/writing_tagger.

# CONTRIBUTOR COVENANT

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

Read more about the Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct at http://contributor-covenant.org.

# ABOUT ME

My name is Nathaniel Barnes, and I am a software developer living in Seattle, WA. I enjoy making software tools and
drinking chai. I can be reached at nbarnes@gmail.com and found on Twitter as @foxbarnes.

# LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Nathaniel Barnes

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Change app name from writing-tagger to taggr

README.md, after:

# NO LIVE DEPLOY YET

# Taggr

Taggr is a authorship tool allowing for robust links between small-ish chunks of text, ideal for writers and world-builders.

# TECHNOLOGY

Taggr is built on Ruby on Rails 5. Source control and versioning is done at Github.

# WHERE

Github repo is at https://github.com/nbarnes/taggr.

# CONTRIBUTOR COVENANT

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

Read more about the Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct at http://contributor-covenant.org.

# ABOUT ME

My name is Nathaniel Barnes, and I am a software developer living in Seattle, WA. I enjoy making software tools and
drinking chai. I can be reached at nbarnes@gmail.com and found on Twitter as @foxbarnes.

# LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Nathaniel Barnes

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
